Job Aids for Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit (#4181)
MicrosoftDocs/windowsserverdocs: WindowsServerDocs/identity/ad-ds/plan/Finding-Additional-Resources-for-Windows-Server-2008-Active-Directory-Site-Topology-Design.md

ms.prod: windows-server
---

> Applies To: Windows Server 2016, Windows Server 2012 R2, Windows Server 2012

# Finding Additional Resou#rces for Windows Server 2008 Active Directory Site Topology Design

> You can find the following documentation about Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) on the Windows Server 2003 and  Windows Server 2008  TechCenter Web sites:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can find the following documentation about Active Directory Domain Services (AD DS) on the Windows Server 2003 and  Windows Server 2008  TechCenter websites:
```

- For more information about the process of locating a domain controller, see [Active Directory Collection](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=88626).

- For more information about designing and deploying print servers, see [Designing and Deploying Print Servers](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=107041).

- For more information about spanning trees and Active Directory replication topology, see [Active Directory Replication Topology Technical Reference](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=44137).

- For more information about using Adlb.exe and managing environments that have 100 or more branch sites, see [Planning and Deploying Active Directory Domain Services for Branch Offices](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=107114).

- For information about installing Network Monitor, see [Monitoring network traffic](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=107058).

> - For worksheets to assist you in documenting your  Windows Server 2008  AD DS site topology design, see [Job Aids for Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=9608).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- For worksheets to assist you in documenting your  Windows Server 2008 AD DS site topology design, see [Job Aids for Windows Server 2003 Deployment Kit](https://www.microsoft.com/download/details.aspx?id=9608).
```
